Module2 (#2)
ejclaridge/DevOps-Course-Starter: README.md

$ cp .env.template .env  # (first time only)
```

The `.env` file is used by flask to set environment variables when running `flask run`. This enables things like development mode (which also enables features like hot reloading when you make a file change). There's also a [SECRET_KEY](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/1.1.x/config/#SECRET_KEY) variable which is used to encrypt the flask session cookie.

> this app now requires the end user to populate the .env file with the required API keys and token's, in an ideal world, and if this was a shared to-do board rather than for personal developement, i would look to create a vault file with the variables set in, that is decrypted on runtime using a preshared password to decrypt.

Reviewer: Nice thinking! 
Really minor grammar point, but even in basic documentation it's worth trying to keep things correct, such as capitalisation:
```suggestion
This app now requires the end user to populate the .env file with the required API key and token. In an ideal world, and if this was a shared to-do board rather than for personal developement, I would look to create a vault file with the variables set in, that is decrypted on runtime using a preshared password to decrypt.
```
